Add data upload scripts (#58)
quality-match/hari-client: scripts/README.md

- `upload_coco_like_dataset` Uploads a complete dataset in the MSCOCO Format
  -  Call with `python upload_coco_like_dataset.py --dataset_name <Dataset Name> --image_directory <Path> --annotations_file <Path> --user_group <USER_GROUP>`
  - Example: `python upload_coco_like_dataset.py --dataset_name ms_coco_2017_val --image_directory /Path/to/my/data/mscoco/val2017 --annotations_file /Path/to/my/data/mscoco/annotations/instances_val2017.json --user_group USER`
- `upload_dataset_with_own_attributes` Uploads a complete dataset with own annotation attributes e.g. for training AINTs. This example script uses the public available [Data-Centric Image Classification Benchmark Data](https://zenodo.org/records/8115942).
  - Call with `python upload_dataset_with_own_attributes.py --root_directory <Path> --source_dataset_name <Name> --question "<Question describing task> --attribute_name <Name of Attribute> --user_group <USER_GROUP>"`
  - Example: `python upload_dataset_with_own_attributes.py --root_directory /Path/to/my/data/DCIC --source_dataset_name QualityMRI --question "How is the quality of the image?" --attribute_name image_quality --user_group USER`

> - `trigger_metadata_rebuild` Triggers the metadata rebuild like crop generation, missing thumbnails, wrong histogram calculations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trigger_metadata_rebuild` Triggers the metadata rebuild like creating default visualizations for thumbnails and crops, updating the histograms for advanced filtering, etc
```
